c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\bin\Debug\AGS.exe.config
c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\bin\Debug\AGS.exe
c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\bin\Debug\AGS.pdb
c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\obj\Debug\AGS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\obj\Debug\AGS_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\obj\Debug\AGS_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\obj\Debug\AGS.g.resources
c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\obj\Debug\AGS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\obj\Debug\AGS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\obj\Debug\AGS.exe
c:\users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\obj\Debug\AGS.pdb
C:\Users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\bin\Debug\AGS.exe.manifest
C:\Users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\bin\Debug\AGS.application
C:\Users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\obj\Debug\AGS.exe.manifest
C:\Users\ardao\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGS\obj\Debug\AGS.application
C:\Users\ardao\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGE\AGS\bin\Debug\AGS.exe.config
C:\Users\ardao\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGE\AGS\obj\Debug\AGS.exe
C:\Users\ardao\Documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AGS\AGE\AGS\obj\Debug\AGS.pdb
